Miss did lose a child not long ago
It was a forced abortion by Mrs. Mu in a small clinic
We found the surgeon who did the surgery
February to month
The child who was aborted should be
Miss Wen, you lied to me. How miserable!
My engagement with Mu Shuyu
Will definitely end
No I beg you
You can't break out of the engagement
Shu Yi is a good boy
You can't let him down enough
Miss Wen
Now you should give me an explanation
Come on.
Don't worry.
I won't say it
I am Ou and my daughter's
But not because
I hate him more than you
And Mu Jiangde
Mu Jiangde is the most hypocritical person I have ever met
I wish their family loved each other
Death for a lifetime
Now I smell the Mu family's breath
Makes me feel sick
Thanks.
It's painful
What!
Losing a child is also painful
We are sorry
Blame me for finding out too late